That's impossible.
Mr. Wesley is supposed to be a disgusting fat pig.
How?
Is he still handsome?
I don't know.
I was surprised, too.
Ellie is hooking up with the CEO of the Wesley group.
I never intended to marry you, Joanna.
The engagement between the Wesley and the Howard families
is never going to happen.
He's the CEO of the Wesley group.
Is this a public breakup?
Ms. Howard is wearing the knockoff.
The winner doesn't want her.
Talk shit about my girlfriend again.
Let's see what happens.
Have a nice night.
Oh.
What are y'all looking at?
No, please don't.
Get out of here, you loser.
You pocketed it with my dress money.
It made me look like a fool in front of everyone.
We are Thoreau.
Let me make it up to you.
I'm not sorry.
If it wasn't for you and your stupid ex,
I would be Mrs. Wesley by now.
I'll get what's mine.
Whatever it takes.
Mr. Wesley, I...
Be in time for work tomorrow.
So you're not firing me?
That's great.